samples: drivers: added a simple touch controller sample (#77227)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/drivers/touch/README.rst

> .. zephyr:code-sample:: touch
>    :name: touch
> 
>    Basic touchscreen sample.

Reviewer: This needs a proper name and description should be worded as if completing the sentence "This code sample shows how to ..."

```suggestion
.. zephyr:code-sample:: draw_touch_events
   :name: Draw touch events
   :relevant-api: input_events display_interface

   Visualize touch events on a display.
```

Author: Done.

Overview
********
This sample will draw a small plus in the last touched coordinates, that way you can check
if the touch screen works for a board, examine its parameters such as inverted/swapped axes.

Building and Running
********************
While this is a generic sample and it should work with any boards with both display controllers

> and touch controllers supported by Zephyr (provided the corresponding /chosen node properties

Author: Addressed.

> are set i.e. `zephyr,touch` and `zephyr,display`).

Author: Addressed.

Below is an example on how to build the sample for :ref:`stm32f746g_disco_board`;

.. zephyr-app-commands::

>    :zephyr-app: samples/drivers/touch

Reviewer: please move the sample to `samples/subsys/input/draw_touch_events` (happy to hear about other suggestions, but finding a better name than the generic "touch" is important, and so is moving to a either input or display subsys)

Author: Moved

.. zephyr:code-sample:: touch
   :name: touchs

>    :relevant-api: io_interfaces

Reviewer 2: this is not an API
